Let's talk about the balance sheet by the end of this section you'll understand why a balance sheet
is very very important and it's crucial that you understand how to analyze that balance sheet so that
it'll make much more sense to you when we create financial models.
And I mentioned the same thing in the income statement section and what we're modeling our balance sheet
you'll see in a couple of sections from now what happens is most items are quite simply a percentage
of revenue.
So let's get started.
So in this section I'll talk about why they call a balance sheet.
Both sides have to equal each other.
You'll see it'll make sense in terms of why do we do a balance sheet.
Well similar to why we need to create an income statement if we don't create a balance sheet and forecast
it.
It's harder to come up with a target price meaning what is our company worth and in terms of how we're
going to do this well we're going to go through an x an Excel example and this will make a lot of sense
to you very soon.
And so there's so many different moving pieces when you're creating a model.
There's the income statement the balance sheet the cash flow statement drivers assumptions that sort
of thing.
This will all make perfect sense to you in a couple of sections.
So let's start with the Belge